# 5. Building Block View

The building block view shows the static decomposition of the system
into building blocks (modules, components, subsystems, classes,
interfaces, packages, libraries, frameworks, layers, partitions, tiers,
functions, macros, operations, datas structures, …) as well as their
dependencies (relationships, associations, …)

This view is mandatory for every architecture documentation. In analogy
to a house this is the *floor plan*.

## 5.1. Whitebox Overall System

Here you describe the decomposition of the overall system using the
following white box template. It contains

-   an overview diagram

-   a motivation for the decomposition

-   black box descriptions of the contained building blocks. For these
    we offer you alternatives:

    -   use *one* table for a short and pragmatic overview of all
        contained building blocks and their interfaces

    -   use a list of black box descriptions of the building blocks
        according to the black box template (see below). Depending on
        your choice of tool this list could be sub-chapters (in text
        files), sub-pages (in a Wiki) or nested elements (in a modeling
        tool).

-   (optional:) important interfaces, that are not explained in the
    black box templates of a building block, but are very important for
    understanding the white box. Since there are so many ways to specify
    interfaces why do not provide a specific template for them. In the
    worst case you have to specify and describe syntax, semantics,
    protocols, error handling, restrictions, versions, qualities,
    necessary compatibilities and many things more. In the best case you
    will get away with examples or simple signatures.

## 5.2. Level 2

Here you can specify the inner structure of (some) building blocks from
level 1 as white boxes.

You have to decide which building blocks of your system are important
enough to justify such a detailed description. Please prefer relevance
over completeness. Specify important, surprising, risky, complex or
volatile building blocks. Leave out normal, simple, boring or
standardized parts of your system

## 5.3. Level 3

Here you can specify the inner structure of (some) building blocks from
level 2 as white boxes.

When you need more detailed levels of your architecture please copy this
part of arc42 for additional levels.

<div style="page-break-after:always;"></div>