# 7. Deployment View

The deployment view describes:

1.  the technical infrastructure used to execute your system, with
    infrastructure elements like geographical locations, environments,
    computers, processors, channels and net topologies as well as other
    infrastructure elements and
1.  the mapping of (software) building blocks to that infrastructure
    elements.

Often systems are executed in different environments, e.g. development
environment, test environment, production environment. In such cases you
should document all relevant environments.

Especially document the deployment view when your software is executed
as distributed system with more then one computer, processor, server or
container or when you design and construct your own hardware processors
and chips.

From a software perspective it is sufficient to capture those elements
of the infrastructure that are needed to show the deployment of your
building blocks. Hardware architects can go beyond that and describe the
infrastructure to any level of detail they need to capture.

## 7.1. Infrastructure Level 1

Describe (usually in a combination of diagrams, tables, and text):

- the distribution of your system to multiple locations, environments,
  computers, processors, .. as well as the physical connections
  between them

- important justification or motivation for this deployment structure

- Quality and/or performance features of the infrastructure

- the mapping of software artifacts to elements of the infrastructure

For multiple environments or alternative deployments please copy that
section of arc42 for all relevant environments.

## 7.2. Infrastructure Level 2

Here you can include the internal structure of (some) infrastructure
elements from level 1.

Please copy the structure from level 1 for each selected element.

<div style="page-break-after:always;"></div>
